doc/datasets/bhandari2020.md, before:

# Bhandari 2020
This dataset contains the Lightweight Pyramid annotations for the CNN/DailyMail dataset collected in [1].
It contains judgments for 100 summaries across 25 systems.
However, the BART system in the [official repository](https://github.com/neulab/REALSumm) is included in both the abstractive and extractive systems (identical outputs, different judgments).
Our setup script only includes it in the abstractive models, making the total 24 systems instead of 25.
See [this issue](https://github.com/neulab/REALSumm/issues/3).

```bash
sacrerouge setup-dataset bhandari2020 <output-dir>
```

The output files are the following:
    - `summaries-{abs, ext, mix}.jsonl`: The judged summaries with their references and input documents.
    The references and inputs are specific to the individual system since there may have been differences in tokenization, etc.
    `abs` contains the abstractive systems, `ext` the extractive, and `mix` both.
    - `metrics-{abs, ext, mix}.jsonl`: The metrics for the corresponding summaries in the `summaries-*.jsonl` files.
    
## References
[1] Manik Bhandari, Pranav Narayan Gour, Atabak Ashfaq, Pengfei Liu, and Graham Neubig. Re-evaluating Evaluation in Text Summarization. EMNLP, 2020.

Commit message:

Fixing the Bhandari script to include bart_out in extractive only (#102)

doc/datasets/bhandari2020.md, after:

# Bhandari 2020
This dataset contains the Lightweight Pyramid annotations for the CNN/DailyMail dataset collected in [1].
It contains judgments for 100 summaries across 25 systems.
However, there is an error with the BART system in the [official repository](https://github.com/neulab/REALSumm).
BART is included in both the extractive and abstractive system.
The files for both of them have different summaries.
The key "bart_out" is included in both of the corresponding extractive and abstractive judgment files, however, both have the extractive summaries judged, but they have different scores.
Our setup script includes the "bart_out" summaries in the extractive models and their corresponding scores only, making the total number of systems 24 instead of 25. 
See [this issue](https://github.com/neulab/REALSumm/issues/3).

```bash
sacrerouge setup-dataset bhandari2020 <output-dir>
```

The output files are the following:
    - `summaries-{abs, ext, mix}.jsonl`: The judged summaries with their references and input documents.
    The references and inputs are specific to the individual system since there may have been differences in tokenization, etc.
    `abs` contains the abstractive systems, `ext` the extractive, and `mix` both.
    - `metrics-{abs, ext, mix}.jsonl`: The metrics for the corresponding summaries in the `summaries-*.jsonl` files.
    
## References
[1] Manik Bhandari, Pranav Narayan Gour, Atabak Ashfaq, Pengfei Liu, and Graham Neubig. Re-evaluating Evaluation in Text Summarization. EMNLP, 2020.
